I can't reach it just a little closer
hi and welcome to limbo here secure for
getting into Hades there's 40 million
five hundred sixty three people before
you you want to wait in line to come
back later
hmm I come back later Miguel thank you
save man
I finally free a beanie for a long time
my grandfather raised me in this casket
and so did his father before him
it all started when
him get some privacy around you God
don't look at my breasts close the lid
man what's wrong with you there has to
be a door behind one of those mirrors
it's only one way to find the right one
eeny meeny miny moe I wonder which way
to go okay that one
hello again the minds will wait here
some affection even to be a female
uh-huh I come back later
tell your Lord warlock writes the evil
wizard rules is canceled yes finally it
took me over 50 deaths to get here and
now your dark days of terror is over I
finally did it
I read the world of evil and now to get
my reward the sweetest princess and half
the kingdom oh yeah what what no you
gotta be kidding me
you